hello welcome back to another video I
hope you're doing a really really good
today's video is going to be a huge
little food shop whole you guys quite
like from recent Aldi one so I thought
I'd do another one I tend to shop
between little Tesco Aldi or just like
whatever's closest at the time and I
think it's quite a bit to shove her out
of it as well because you definitely can
get like different things like I
actually get my milk from Sainsbury's
because they don't do like a coconut
milk but yeah I'm just gonna show you
everything I got and also like I
explained that what little meals I make
and just go from there hello hi in every
video but she's just a she's
actually not this chair enjoys it so I
will start in this baggage section here
so I don't think they'll have always had
these in but I found these light cheese
and they didn't have a million packet so
I just waited and put them in like my
favorite food ever and it's really at
this time here and and then I've got
some lemon I cook lows with lemons and I
just think it's a good a sexual and
sometimes have like fresh lemon water
but not all the time
I paid for properly I try and have
broccoli we've like most me then I've
got some sliced mushrooms I'm so lazy
like I do it says if ever anything comes
chopped I always tend to get it cuz it's
just it's take so much time and just
like hassle and then I just got some
Viceroy's salad I'm actually not too
fussy on my salad I just it just feels
that meal as well and I'm currently on I
start calorie deficit I have been in
like a maintenance diet then I picked up
some
blueberries I go through so many berries
like I don't go a day without having
some form of like raspberries or
blueberries I've just eaten a full 150
grams of raspberries
oats just having your good life just a
snack whatever do you have the larger
things I always get them because I just
go through so many and I've noticed my
skin is being so much better students
have been having like more fruit and
vegetables and everything like over
Christmas I wish that lived I'll just
eat so much chocolate on a daily so yeah
it's been good I feel much better in
myself I've got this in of chopped
tomatoes these are just and good
essentials to always have in I always
make sure my cupboards are like stocked
up with these I've got picked up some
lighter cheese it's like 30% less fat
these are always out of stock actually
you know of these were I love that I
absolutely love cheese I try not to have
too much dairy in my diet as well
because I've noticed such a difference
like my skin is so bad when I'm eating
like tons of dairy this onion and chive
cottage cheese mason actually really
really like system this is not one of
the only things that I don't get or that
you can't get in little or earlier
anywhere and I just fit into my
Sainsbury's Tesco generally have no
excuse for you to say it like this
always seems to be half-price but this
is like a pound from the same for it's
just an hour product milk which is so
good I don't really like open or
anything all our almond milk and then I
just got the like tofu resetting skinned
slightly like my go-to milk combo and I
like mixing them as well which brings me
on to the OT bit so I think this is
quite new and they have this in little
and again you cannot put those with that
and with coconut and that that's such a
nice like pre or post-workout meal
cani protein powder a bit better than
the actual wheat work and I got this I
really recommend this from the door
lighter than light mayonnaise it's like
nothing in this yeah it's but you can
have it with like very smear in total
offense 73 pounds on everything and they
also got a close hog it's like a tall as
well because at the moment we've got
like just a normal size clothes horse
like to drive clothes on but I just
think they look so
and it doesn't fit in like the utility
room so I thought this wouldn't all be
better and I can just like took it away
and things will dry quicker so have this
time I really like drying clothes please
I've been on the go quite a bit recently
it's not picked up please
just like my crazy bull ride usually I
do like to cut across myself but yeah
these are just perfect like if you're in
a rush in stuff that you stagger in the
microwave for two minutes so you have
Emma was just good to have you in as
well then for snacks some lightly salted
rice cakes these are really nice I
always put like jam like sugary syrup on
top of them type it in between meal spot
I've got two things of onion child
cottage cheese and I will go through
them in all right I am obsessed with
these now I just popped to Aldi to get
these because little didn't happen but
they're just turkey wretches I got the
smoked and unsmoked ones they're really
really like good macros is Richie thirty
calories per ration and it's loving it
tastes like just like a harder version
of bacon but bacon have so much crap in
it and yeah I just don't really want to
eat faith in anymore
I haven't ate egg whites in the morning
really really good we can take you my
little didn't sell them
it took some oats I love like having a
buried in these it's just hard to get
the concerts you just got to like I
think I've just cracked the consistency
you like I have prophase of living
Rooney Oats now I like some of its
thicker and I also love like overnight
now we're moving into the meat section
I've got some diced chicken breasts
it's so when you have got the option of
like how many does it's just easier than
chopping to cook I am all about like
saving time and just being efficient and
that was this percent off so I've got
two things of diced chicken breasts in
the oven with some light seasoning I
just mixed up like all-purpose seasoning
with motika you can have loads of
heaters and peppers there's just so much
or chicken bread and then
I've got this huge pack of five cents
take mints I am trying to cut down on my
red meat as much as I can I'm not
vegetarian or anything like that
obviously but I'm just trying to make it
like a bit of an effort to cook down to
Chile these we've got some friends
coming over so that is for about Chile
with like some beans chopped tomatoes
Freaker and then we cheese and rice on
about some one of my favorite dishes if
you see a few other videos I always make
that dish really total breast steaks
these good was like rice or you can chop
them up I might make a stir fry turkey
is so quick to like fries if you're on
if you've got bit at a time constraint
then you can just pop this in on the
frying pan well I'm going through like a
massive phase at the moment with fish
I'm obsessed
we fidget I'm never really the only sort
of fish that I've eaten before or like
on a regular is salmon so I picked her
up to summer thinness
oh I love talking like these intern tin
foil with lemon and some seasoning again
that you're so she can do salmon like
you can make like a salmon pastor loathe
the stuff so got still cod fillets
I have Cod last night as well absolutely
loving a fish at the moment which didn't
really like me the only thing is it just
completely distinct your house out like
me Mason came back from the gym early
and I was like oh my god it stinks of
fish in here and I also picked up two
sea bass village these are so cheap in
little as well I also got two smoked
haddock Phyllis and you can make like
learn they're like really yummy tomato
like sources to put all these throughout
a teriyaki beef stir fry kid again this
is good for nights that like you're just
wanting is right shove something quick
in you know rubbing it like a takeaway
or whatever
this is really good me amazing hearth it
it just say it serves to but I think
it's a really small portion but yeah
this was like some nice noodles is such
a nice quick dish
these few times they're actually now
onto my washing stuff I've used this
serve tropical Lillian yangyang for ages
this also like casual clothes mine so
much nicer like this more concentrated
and I think this was like $4.99 and it's
usually $7.99 in home bargains so I've
really got to see that actually and this
lasts ages that how many washes do you
go with 47 washes although it probably
really must mean 20 motion so how are
you so much of it then I'll really be
Jasmine and again this say 55 washes but
it never does last me that it's
literally like I think in the washing
machine you've got to use loads of the
strip's - watching smell it on your
clothes and then I just picked up this
huge thing of lis just like a cheap
citrus worm essential to have here is
this clothes horse as well I got from
the doll but I wouldn't recommend it
because I didn't realize it was one he
had some bloomin assemble like it's
super tall no ideal it comes all the
instructions just trying to assemble it
earlier and it was just taking me so
long so I really recommend this but it
was only 14 pounds but yeah I think that
is everything that I have got I really
hope you enjoyed this video I am going
to do like a meal prep one and actually
show you like how do each meal and like
prep in advance that so let me
know as well what other videos you would
like to see and thanks for watching and
I'll see you guys in the next video
sleep in a day away look at that belly
look at you you've been eating all the
pars of you